# Contemporary Issues In Data
This document will discuss two articles about the value of data, the uses of data, data security, and the abuse of data.  

## Artical 1
[Zacks Investment Research Hack Exposes Data for 820K Customers](https://www.darkreading.com/application-security/zacks-investment-research-hack-exposes-820k-customers-data)

This artical discusses about a cyberattack that occured on November 2021 and lasted until August 2022. The target of this cyberattack is the database of Zacks Market Research, a website that sends its subscribers morning breifing on the financial market news. This cyberattack arises two questions to me. The first question is why would someone wants to attack this particular database? In modern days, user's information became so precious to various industries that they trade the information of their users for analyzing preferences, habits, or other behaviors. In this case, I think the information of Zacks Market search's users can be utilized to predict their investing preference, focused industries, likely portfolio, and etc. To the company itself, this cyberattack can be a reminder of keeping the system and the database security updated. To individual investors and subscribers of this website, the leak of their own information should be a warn that your private information online is not completely secured and can be stole easily...

That brings up the second question: how should we can individual users protect our privacy. There are several ways to protect our information online. First and the most importantly, store your information in the websites and companies that are well-regulated and authorized so that they can provide better security of your privacy. In addition to that, creating a strong password with not only numbers but also uppercase/lowercase characters and special characters. Moreover, logging out your accounts after finish using is also recommended because it reduces the risk of being tracked by the browsers. These actions can improve the security level of your information, but from this cyberattack, we should realize the fact that anything information that you store online is not 100% safe. Thus, maybe it is better to think before you store in your information online.    

## Artical 2
[How India is driving the use of open government data](https://www.computerweekly.com/news/252529236/How-India-is-driving-the-use-of-open-government-data)

According to Pratima Harigunani, India’s Open Government Data (OGD) platform was launched in 2012 for people to access government data to develop new applications, services and to train AI models. The biggest advantage of OGD is that its transparency of government data greatly improves the public trust of public services in India, Lydia Clougherty Jones, the senior director analyst at Gartner, said. To individual citizen, transparency of the government serves as supervision of its actions and behaviors, and the same goes to its data. In the case of  application developing, the easy access of a rich government database helps the developers to develop new products and services, analyze policy and program outcomes, and engage in more informed public discourse. According to Nasscom, an integrated data utilisation strategy can add $450 billion to $500 billion to India’s GDP by 2025. 

As I mentioned in the first reflection, data isn't just a bunch of meaningless numbers and values but a precious resource if used properly. That can be another reason for hackers to attack databases. On the other hand, given that opening government data can provide the society with huge benefit, to what extend should the government open even more data to the public as Shally Gupta, graduate member and impact creator at the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, stated, “One of the obstacles India will have to overcome to get an advantage in the AI race is the lack of well-labelled, rich datasets.” This is the question that came to me after reading this article.